

The mullinengine package is released under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2017: Isaac Yonemoto.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

3. The use of the Software to generate physical hardware is permitted if the
physical hardware is distributed with a comprehensive description ("the
Description") of the physical hardware.  The Description must be sufficiently
detailed such that a user can correctly infer the output of the hardware given
an arbitrary set of inputs.  Distribution of the Description must be provided
within 30 days of any request, written or electronically transmitted, or the
licensee will be found to be in violation of this license.  A publicly
accessible and advertised version of the Description will release the licensee
from this requirement.  All licensees will be released from this requirement
ten (10) years after licensing.

4.  Any modification, isolated fragment, or derivative of the Software must be
released under the same license as the Software.
